Port workshop content from private repo (#24)
vendia/examples: workshops/food-and-beverage/optimized-distribution/README-Milestone5.md

# Milestone 5 - Enable Event-Driven Notifications
In this section, you will enable notifications that let the Distributor know a delivery is on its way.  You will then trigger an event by modifying an existing delivery to verify the notifications are sent when the Supplier makes a change.

## Configure Event-Driven Notifications from the DistributorNode
Modifying the settings of the **DistributorNode** can be done using either the `GraphQL Explorer`, the `Entity Explorer`, or the `Share CLI`.

### Update the DistributorNode's Settings

> You will update the **DistributorNode** to enable email notifications anytime a new block is added to the Vendia Share ledger.  These `blockNotifications` contain information that can be used by the recipient to retrieve additional information, including the transaction submitted that resulted in a new block and even the mutation that was included in the transaction.  For simplicity, you will simply attempt to receieve block notifications from the **DistributorNode**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will update the **DistributorNode** to enable email notifications anytime a new block is added to the Vendia Share ledger.  These `blockNotifications` contain information that can be used by the recipient to retrieve additional information, including the transaction submitted that resulted in a new [block](https://www.vendia.net/docs/share/terms-and-definitions#block) and even the mutations that were included in the transaction.  For simplicity, you will simply attempt to receieve block notifications from the **DistributorNode**.
```

> * Open the `GraphQL Explorer` of the **DistributorNode**. Remove any existing content from the middle pane.

Reviewer: This will work, or we could use the web app (Manage Node > Success Notifications).

Author: Feel free to add a subsequent section to add another email address via the web app, or just confirm the setting was applied.  Good to show the features of both interfaces.

Reviewer: I'll add a section to show how to view and update via the web app. Not blocking for this PR.

Author: I added some additional content while I was making updates. Feel free to expand or change.
